Restore info on relevant optional fields in Register Host interface (#3508)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_registering-a-host.adoc

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *Register Host*.

> . Enter the details for how you want the registered host to be configured. Note:

Reviewer: I'd drop "Note:". alternative:

```suggestion
. Enter the details for how you want the registered host to be configured.
+
[NOTE]
====
...
====
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Enter the details for how you want the registered host to be configured.
```
An alternative. I think the bulleted list is "noteable" enough.

* If you select a host group from the *Host Group* list, the *Operating system*
ifdef::katello,satellite,orcharhino[]
, *Activation Keys*
endif::[]

> and *Lifecycle environment* fields inherit their values from the host group.

Reviewer: The fields are inherited from the host group but not preselected. Is that intentional? On Foreman 3.13:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1e5381d0-f9d8-42d8-8a2a-8df125e00b1e)

@thorben-d @mariaaga

Author: @Thorben-D @MariaAga Just bringing your attention to @maximiliankolb 's comment here. Otherwise this doesn't seem to require doc changes, so it's not a blocker for this PR.

ifdef::katello,satellite,orcharhino[]

> * A Capsule behind a load balancer takes precedence over the Capsule selected in this UI as the host’s content source.

Reviewer: branding! "Capsule" -> "{SmartProxy}"

> * A Capsule behind a load balancer takes precedence over the Capsule selected in this UI as the host’s content source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A {SmartProxy} behind a load balancer takes precedence over the {SmartProxy} selected in the {ProjectWebUI} as the content source of the host."
```
Attributes to avoid branding issues and minor rewording to avoid possessive apostrophe.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *Register Host*.
. Enter the details for how you want the registered host to be configured.

> * If you select a host group from the *Host Group* list, the *Operating system*
> ifdef::katello,satellite,orcharhino[]
> , *Activation Keys*
> endif::[]
> and *Lifecycle environment* fields inherit their values from the host group.

Reviewer 2: @rh-max This is how the sentence is rendered:

![Screenshot From 2025-01-17 10-45-10](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a30b5e8f-f038-432c-a0ce-b055d667f81c)

Do you see it? How it might not be clear where the "If [...]" condition ends and the list of values start? How about something like this:

```suggestion
* If you select a host group from the *Host Group* list, the following fields inherit their values from the host group:
+
* *Operating system*
ifdef::katello,satellite,orcharhino[]
* *Activation Keys*
endif::[]
* *Lifecycle environment*
```

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *Register Host*.
. Enter the details for how you want the registered host to be configured.

> * If you select a host group from the *Host Group* list, the following fields inherit their values from the host group:
> +
> * *Operating system*
> ifdef::katello,satellite,orcharhino[]
> * *Activation Keys*
> endif::[]
> * *Lifecycle environment*
> ifdef::katello,satellite,orcharhino[]
> * A {SmartProxy} behind a load balancer takes precedence over the {SmartProxy} selected in the {ProjectWebUI} as the content source of the host.

Reviewer 2: Eh, now the indentation is wrong:
![Screenshot From 2025-01-17 12-17-44](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fb677297-59b0-428d-9527-ce3a3cdf9021)
This is a problem, not just a nitpick IMO. @rh-max please try this or anything else you find appropriate:
```suggestion
* If you select a host group from the *Host Group* list, the following fields inherit their values from the host group:
+
** *Operating system*
ifdef::katello,satellite,orcharhino[]
** *Activation Keys*
endif::[]
** *Lifecycle environment*
ifdef::katello,satellite,orcharhino[]
* A {SmartProxy} behind a load balancer takes precedence over the {SmartProxy} selected in the {ProjectWebUI} as the content source of the host.
```

Author: @asteflova Thanks for the catch(es), the list LGTM now!
